contributing.md, before:

# Contributing to Ency Pence Huta Web App 🤝

Hello and thank you for your interest in contributing to the Ence Pence Huta web app. I appreciate your effort and support. This document provides guidelines for contributing.

## Table of Contents 📜

1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
2. [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
3. [Feature Requests](#feature-requests)
4. [Pull Request Process](#pull-request-process)
5. [Code Style and Linting](#code-style-and-linting)
6. [Testing](#testing)
7. [Further Help](#further-help)

## Getting Started 🚀

- Make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/).
- [Fork the repository](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/fork) on GitHub.
- [Clone your fork to your local machine](./README.md#installation-steps).

## Reporting Bugs 🐞

- Ensure the bug hasn't already been reported by [searching the Issues](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/labels/bug).
- If the bug hasn't been reported, [open a new Issue](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/issues/new/choose). Be sure to provide a clear title, a detailed description, and steps to reproduce the issue.

## Feature Requests 🙋‍♂️

- Check if the [feature has already been requested](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/labels/enhancement).
- If it hasn't, [open a new Issue](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/issues/new/choose) with a clear title and detailed description of the feature you'd like to see.

## Pull Request Process 🖇️

1. Create a new branch for your feature or fix.
2. Make your changes, ensuring you follow the code style guidelines.
3. Commit your changes, using a clear and descriptive commit message.
4. Push your branch to GitHub.
5. Open a Pull Request against the main branch.
6. Ensure your PR description clearly describes the problem and solution.

## Code Style and Linting 🔬

- Project use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) and [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code styling and linting. Make sure your code adheres to project configurations.
- Run the linter before submitting a PR to ensure your code passes.

## Testing 🔬

- Add tests for any new features or fixes.
- Ensure all tests pass before submitting a PR.

## Further Help 💬

If you have any questions or need further assistance, please reach out to (Michał Kołacz)[https://github.com/M-Kolacz].

Commit message:

refactor: improve README and contributing guidelines for clarity and consistency

contributing.md, after:

# Contributing to Ence Pence Huta Web App 🤝

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the **Ence Pence Huta** web app! Whether it’s fixing bugs, adding new features, or improving documentation, your help is appreciated and highly valued.

This document will guide you through the contribution process.

## Table of Contents 📜

1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
2. [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
3. [Feature Requests](#feature-requests)
4. [Pull Request Process](#pull-request-process)
5. [Code Style and Linting](#code-style-and-linting)
6. [Testing](#testing)
7. [Further Help](#further-help)

## 🚀 Getting Started

To contribute, follow these steps:

- Make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/).
- [Fork the repository](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/fork) to create your copy of the project.
- Clone your fork locally.

## Reporting Bugs 🐞

- Check if the bug has already been reported by [searching the Issues](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/labels/bug).
- If the bug hasn’t been reported, [open a new Issue](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/issues/new/choose) and include:
  - **A clear and descriptive title.**
  - **A detailed description of the issue.**
  - **Steps to reproduce the bug (if applicable).**

## Feature Requests 🙋‍♂️

- Check if the [feature request already exists](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/labels/enhancement).
- If not, [open a new Issue](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-huta-next/issues/new/choose) and provide:
  - **A concise title.**
  - **A clear description of the proposed feature.**
  - **Why this feature would be beneficial.**

## Pull Request Process 🖇️

1. Create a new branch for your feature or fix.
2. Make your changes, ensuring you follow the code style guidelines.
3. Commit your changes, using a clear and descriptive commit message.
4. Push your branch to GitHub.
5. Open a Pull Request against the main branch.
6. Ensure your PR description clearly describes the problem and solution.

## Code Style and Linting 🔬

- We use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) and [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) to maintain consistent code style.

## Testing 🔬

- Add tests: Include tests for any new features or fixes.
- Make sure existing and new tests pass before opening a pull request:
  ```sh
  $ npm run test
  ```

## Further Help 💬

If you need any help or have questions, feel free to reach out through GitHub Issues or contact [Michał Kołacz](https://github.com/M-Kolacz/M-Kolacz).

Thank you again for contributing!
