README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./src/images/readme-banner.png" alt="Ence Pence Logo" width="200" />
</p>

<p align="center"><strong>A performant and modern Static Site Generated web application designed for nurseries</strong></p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-v20.18.0-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Node.js Version" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v10.8.2-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Version" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License: MIT" />
  <br />
  <a href="./contributing.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Contributions Welcome" />
  </a>
 <a href="https://app.netlify.com/sites/ence-pence-nowa-huta/deploys">
    <img src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/0bfd1dbb-95f4-4e10-87e9-8fe83e642604/deploy-status" alt="Netlify Status">
  </a>
</p>

# Ence Pence Nowa Huta 👶

Ence Pence Huta is a modern, performant web application designed as a promotional website for a nursery. The website offers parents a comprehensive view of the nursery's facilities, programs, and values, helping them make informed decisions when choosing the right environment for their children.

- 🌐 [**Live Site**](https://ence-pence-nowa-huta.netlify.app/)
- 📚 [**Storybook**](https://m-kolacz.github.io/ence-pence-nowa-huta/)
- 🎨 [**Figma Design**](https://www.figma.com/design/zx5FkmiDiV7F8Jn5phnpeJ/Ence-Pence-Huta?node-id=3-3&t=wd9jzcLxvfWzEG6E-1)

## Tech Stack 💻

The project is built using the following modern technologies and tools:

- **[Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/)**
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)**
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)**
- **[Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)**
- **[Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)**

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these steps to set up and run the project locally on your machine.

### Prerequisites 📋

Before starting, make sure you have the following tools installed:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - v20.18.0 or higher
- [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) - recommended
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) - v10.8.2 or higher

### Installation steps 🔧

Fire up your terminal and run the following commands:

```sh
# Clone the repository
 git clone https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-nowa-huta.git
# Navigate into the project directory:
 cd ence-pence-nowa-huta
# Switch to the correct Node version: (If using NVM)
 nvm use
# Install project dependencies:
 npm install
# Start the development server:
 npm run dev
```

Open the app in your browser: http://localhost:3000/.

## Contributing 🤝

I welcome and appreciate all contributions! Whether it’s a small bug fix, new feature, or improvement suggestion, your help is valuable. Please read [Contributing Guidelines](./contributing.md) to get started.

## License 📝

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**, which allows you to use, modify, and distribute the code freely. See the full license details in the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) file.

Commit message:

docs: add Dev Container setup instructions to README

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./src/images/readme-banner.png" alt="Ence Pence Logo" width="200" />
</p>

<p align="center"><strong>A performant and modern Static Site Generated web application designed for nurseries</strong></p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-v20.18.0-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Node.js Version" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v10.8.2-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Version" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License: MIT" />
  <br />
  <a href="./contributing.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Contributions Welcome" />
  </a>
 <a href="https://app.netlify.com/sites/ence-pence-nowa-huta/deploys">
    <img src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/0bfd1dbb-95f4-4e10-87e9-8fe83e642604/deploy-status" alt="Netlify Status">
  </a>
</p>

# Ence Pence Nowa Huta 👶

Ence Pence Huta is a modern, performant web application designed as a promotional website for a nursery. The website offers parents a comprehensive view of the nursery's facilities, programs, and values, helping them make informed decisions when choosing the right environment for their children.

- 🌐 [**Live Site**](https://ence-pence-nowa-huta.netlify.app/)
- 📚 [**Storybook**](https://m-kolacz.github.io/ence-pence-nowa-huta/)
- 🎨 [**Figma Design**](https://www.figma.com/design/zx5FkmiDiV7F8Jn5phnpeJ/Ence-Pence-Huta?node-id=3-3&t=wd9jzcLxvfWzEG6E-1)

## Tech Stack 💻

The project is built using the following modern technologies and tools:

- **[Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/)**
- **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)**
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)**
- **[Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)**
- **[Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)**

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these steps to set up and run the project locally on your machine.

### Prerequisites 📋

Before starting, make sure you have the following tools installed:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - v20.18.0 or higher
- [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) - recommended
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) - v10.8.2 or higher

### Installation steps 🔧

Fire up your terminal and run the following commands:

```sh
# Clone the repository
 git clone https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-nowa-huta.git
# Navigate into the project directory:
 cd ence-pence-nowa-huta
# Switch to the correct Node version: (If using NVM)
 nvm use
# Install project dependencies:
 npm install
# Start the development server:
 npm run dev
```

Open the app in your browser: http://localhost:3000/.

## Development using Dev Container (Optional) 🐳

For an easier setup experience, you can use Docker, which provides a pre-configured environment with all dependencies installed.

### Prerequisites 📋

Ensure you have the following tools installed before using the Dev Container setup:

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

### Setup Steps 🔧

Follow these steps to start developing inside a Dev Container:

```sh
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/M-Kolacz/ence-pence-nowa-huta.git
# Navigate into the project directory
cd ence-pence-nowa-huta
# Start the server using Docker Compose
docker-compose up
```

## Contributing 🤝

I welcome and appreciate all contributions! Whether it’s a small bug fix, new feature, or improvement suggestion, your help is valuable. Please read [Contributing Guidelines](./contributing.md) to get started.

## License 📝

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**, which allows you to use, modify, and distribute the code freely. See the full license details in the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) file.
